Release v9.4.0 (#1386)
newrelic/node-newrelic: NEWS.md

### v9.4.0 (2022-10-24)

* Removed legacy agent async context propagation. The default behavior is now what was behind the `feature_flag.new_promise_tracking`. You can read more about the difference [here](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/nodejs-release-notes/node-agent-7-3-0#new-features). 

* Fixed an issue with the ES Module loader that properly registers instrumentation when the file path included url encoded characters.

* Added an API for enqueuing application logs for forwarding 

```js
newrelic.recordLogEvent({ message: 'hello world', level: 'info' })`
```

> **Note**: If you are including a serialized error make sure it is on the `error` key of message: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you are including a serialized error make sure it is on the `error` key of the log event: 

```
